
# Database Improvements

- add weighted pull-ups to exercise db. remove optional weight designation from regular pull-ups.
change dead bugs from mobility to body weight core


# Dev Exp Improvements

organize repo. organize tests.


# CLI Improvements

- introduce swap keys. tap 'a' twice? is there a swa


- also the new strength classes show minutes of work and weight as TM... but strength fields have work/rest/set/rep/weight all as options, though depends on what the user is defining the work as rep or work time. not both. we need to add a new command that toggles between rep or work_time definitions. 'w' for work definition. "W" does not work. we should introduce a better key that doesn't conflict with week mode

- tap i to pull up information from exercise description database about a selected exercise in the schedule or exercise database

- add the ability to add emom/amrap/interval/circuit blocks manuall in the add exercise fields by pressing 'b' for block. this will create a sublist (matching the workout template like other blocked exercises) that the user can populate with constituent exercises then they tap 'e' emom 'a' amrap 'c' circuit 'i' interval to specify the type, it starts the title of the block name for them with that, and then they fill in the rest e.g. [EMOM] EMOM: <...> so it matches the standard look/display of blocks of such stature generated by the workout engine.


# Under Review

- when changing an exercise using the shuffle command, all the rest times turn to seconds instead of minutes
3. [STRENGTH] <Sumo Rack Pull>
    Week 1: 4 sets x 5 reps, @ 80% TM, 4 seconds rest
    Week 2: 4 sets x 4 reps, @ 85% TM, 3.5 seconds rest
    Week 3: 4 sets x 3 reps, @ 90% TM, 3 seconds rest
    Week 4: 4 sets x 3 reps, @ 95% TM, 2.5 seconds rest

- when shuffling sometimes the highlighted exercise is replaced with an exercise from the category above it instead of what is highlighted ex:
6. [FLEXIBILITY] Standing Hip Flexor Stretch
    Week 1: 1 minutes work
    Week 2: 1 minutes work
    Week 3: 1 minutes work
    Week 4: 1 minutes work
becomes: [STRENGTH] <Jefferson Squat>
because [STRENGTH] Zercher Squat is above it
actually it looks like all of the exercises are being swapped with strength based workouts. somethign is broken. 





- Full Body workout days need to adjust the round robin selection so that muscle groups that are added are down shifted from the statistical selection process, ensuring a high likelihood of full body coverage. note that we have few exercises to sample from so the down weighting should be aggressive for the given muscle group.


- update round robin to change round robin to be time based. we have 1 minute long warm up phases... for warm up we should probably standardize to select up to 3-5 minutes of exercises. 

- after adding a new exercise with 's' sometimes it's requisite values do not show up eg sets reps weight time. sometimes it does. i have not fully sussed out the pattern but it fails when adding workouts between exercises. 

- some of the exercise category types are still missing fields ex: 
9. [FLEXIBILITY] Seated Spinal Twist
10. [MOBILITY] Lower Body Warm-up
this displays no fields below it but pressing 't' invisibly flips through them. 

- when doing things in minutes we should round to the nearest half minute e.g. these times are super wonky
2. [STRENGTH] Squat to Calf Raise
    Week 1: 3 sets x 4 reps, @ heavy, 5.2 minutes rest
    Week 2: 3 sets x 3 reps, @ heavy, 4.7 minutes rest
    Week 3: 3 sets x 3 reps, @ heavy, 4.2 minutes rest
    Week 4: 3 sets x 3 reps, @ heavy, 3.7 minutes rest
